hey everybody welcome back to nor the
lion plays The Binding of Isaac after
birth plus we're chewing along here on
our new save seven-plus hard containers
55 pennies that's ridiculous two levels
without taking damage but we got dark
boy last time how to get dark boy
without having two levels where you
don't take damage Lazarus of course
where's my where's my posted note I beat
mom I beat mama on the last run you
didn't the posted though didn't fill in
oh well um it's not like we're never
going to be mom again let's do an IVA
run here we're going to look for ideally
maybe fifty five pennies so we can on
law cane we got a long way to go and
again what I would ask one one AF Zorka
what I'm going to ask is that you have
mercy if you don't we don't even have
the razorblade unlock disease yet if you
don't like new save file recognize I
always have a little bit of a backlog
enjoy the variety and then you know send
me as a little tweet that goes I hate
this so maybe I'll take another poll but
if you love it send me a tweet that says
I love this and then just don't attach a
picture of your testicles and we're all
good to go here um I had a good time in
the last run although I will admit I was
surprised that it ended it mom without
us getting the chance to do boss rush
but I digress hopefully we'll be able to
fit in a couple of runs here but you
never know does it still ended mom now
or do we have mom's heart how much do
you'd be mom's foot ten times to get
mama left I can't remember
dude pyromaniac is like a disgusting
item we got the wafer in our first run
and then pyromaniac in our second run
here you know what I'm actually now that
I think about it isn't there like after
you beat it 10 times it goes like the
basement gets harder we might be dealing
with like seeds that are weighted to our
advantage even more than traditional
northernlion luck is but we don't need
to talk about Isaac just cuz we're
playing eyes it doesn't mean we need to
talk about Isaac we're all familiar with
how the game goes don't be a lame you
know the game and how it goes we trying
to get shows
I have to apologize to youtube.com /
matt has game think that's who it is I
don't know might go by a different alias
now I know he used to be Mathis
Starcraft
I think the bubble is popped on that the
the Starcraft bubble in the Isaac
bubbler in the same place right now but
he tweeted me yesterday and I took
offense to it and I don't think I should
have he said I was watching NL played
Kerbal space program and then blah blah
blah he tried to launch a space plane
without having any wheels on it it just
sort of skidded along the ground until
it exploded it's hard to watch and then
I sent him a tweet and I said now you
know how I felt when I watched you play
Isaac and immediately people were like
that was uncalled for given the
circumstance he may have roasted you a
little bit but you like you know you
took it to the extreme so I'm going to
apologize to man has games the truth of
the matter is that I didn't watch him
play Isaac Kate watched him play Isaac
and I gazed on on the other side of the
screen I'm just joking of course I've
seen Malthus play Isaac he's a good
player I mean that sincerely secret room
is the is he the second best player in
the NL SS group no I would say wow that
was so bad in me I've actually been
playing pretty badly here on the last
two runs to be honest with you so I'm
bull jeez that was close I'm very
thankful that we've gotten
apparently the luckiest seeds of all
time but I think's Invicta I mean he
might even be better than I am to be
honest with you so Invictus up there any
Cobalt obviously is a better player
that's no debate but it's not like we're
really in sin in eSports territory with
Isaac so it's kind of irrelevant but
Mathis is like a genuinely good player I
think he's had one of those streaks that
was like you know you feel like you're
never going to lose again and then you
lose but for a while you feel like a god
and that's that's very important so
we're gonna blow ourselves up here we
did so up because there was a champion
that could have killed us in one hit I
would have loved to stay Whore of
Babylon state for even longer but so we
do have two of diamonds as well
all very happy yeah why not very happy
to have two of diamonds because we can
use that to more easily get cane unlocks
remember we can't really blow up our
donation machine so we got to we got to
figure it out the old-fashioned way here
we got seven cents we need twenty
something I guess we need 28 to get cane
unlocked that's no problem
should have gone like a little bit
longer here and gotten the charge
available but our for us for crack this
guy dude this damage is actually sort of
inexcusable I got to be honest like I'm
feeling like in a little bit of a game
play funk today but that's no excuse you
know execute the patterns that you know
work here
speed up grain is fine know who our
babylon available know deal with the
devil but again the I mean I pretty much
created a situation in which we didn't
have a good chance to get a deal with
the devil so I digress I digress I
continued my my march through the Marvel
Cinematic Universe yesterday there's
only a few of the MCU films I have not
seen and I think I told you but man I
actually said that as if I was having a
conversation with another human being I
think I told you but Kate's been
watching the Marvel films recently
viewer might recall that but now she's
like she's on phase one and I mean she's
seen almost all of them as well right we
can actually blow these guys up with
little risk to ourselves unless they
hurt us when they like they shoot
bullets or you know leave creep when
they die we watched Thor last night what
a strange movie just it feels like I'm
not going to say the aged badly excuse
me we got hit by an explosion there
maybe there was a bullet I didn't see
I'm not going to say it's aged badly
because I don't think that's fair I
don't think it's a bad movie it's just a
very weird movie like half of it and I
have no idea why they would do this but
like a half of the movie is shot at a
45-degree angle as if it's battlefield
earth and I actually this is going to
sound like so made up but in
head I was like did kenneth branagh
direct this and then gets to the end of
the movie powell directed by Kenneth
Branagh and I was like that's probably
not how he pronounces me but I was like
test your chest Lovelace I remember his
2005 or not 2005 like 2000 version of
Hamlet and I was like this looks kind of
like that which is a great film by the
way but I digress if you got the choice
between the Kenneth Branagh version of
Hamlet and the Mel Gibson version of
Hamlet
take the can of Branagh version you are
going to like if your teachers like
we're going to be watching the Mel
Gibson version go teller the Soulja Boy
first off great all-time classic hip hop
genre and then secondly tell him or her
such a bad play that you refuse then you
should watch the Kenneth Branagh version
instead and then just trigger and put
Thor on it's not a bad movie the Thor
that is um it's none that's certainly
not top 10 Marvel Cinematic Universe but
oh my god I'm actually embarrassed my
play here also it freaks me out and I
don't know if anybody else has had this
revelation but the guy who plays Loki
Tom Hiddleston reminds me too much of
Josh for me to take any parts of that
movie seriously
also did not get a deal with the devil
and you know what also did not deserve a
deal with the devil I'll own up to that
like I'm not afraid to say it I think
Josh I know Tom
Huddleston is uh Hiddleston whatever
he's considered a handsome dude I think
josh has got very Tom Hiddleston esque
facial features I have another friend
who looks like I mean not quite in the
Batman
you know Dark Knight level shape of
Christian Bale but has like Christian
Bale's exact face my house you guys I
actually think you might be illegitimate
a Hollywood love children but also like
lucky you man because I mean they're
both handsome people but they also have
the benefit of being like
internationally recognized actors you've
got like the bonus you're alive at the
right time to have that face I guess is
what I'm trying to say I'm not jealous
you know people tell me hey aren't you
that guy from give me a second year
notable bald man hey hey
it's Imhotep from The Mummy nope not
Imhotep from The Mummy sorry to tell you
that I wish I were
he was also great in agent Cody Banks as
tall security guard hey aren't you
Vincent Kompany melt not Belgian
defender Vincent Kompany I wish I were
you know
also great as tall security guardian
agent Cody Banks we need more famous
bald people and I'd prefer if they
weren't like weird famous just like a
normal kind of famous and then also bald
Vin Diesel admittedly sure but Vin
Diesel is also not normal like people go
what about Vin Diesel what about Jason
Statham yeah like they're action movie
stars right if we get like a bald 30
year old in Hollywood please
they always in and it can't be dr. evil
that's the other one I get all the time
aren't you dr. evil no it's Mike Myers I
wish I were not in agent Cody Banks
though I'm begging you don't pay out
don't pay out let's go I'm not Looney
this is our dream situation right here
uh yeah we can actually use the Sun card
Arawak that was not what I meant to do
don't pay out don't you dare pay out
he's not paying out yet
we've done it I didn't mean to do that
worked out in the end though you know
what what better a way to ride out the
are you a wizard recession and I just
rockin this here and seeing if this
works for us lemonparty not worth
anything come on come on come on come on
let's freaking go that's a huge play we
are like so far behind on our no I just
accidental well we got 100% deal with
the devil chance oh don't sweat it too
much yet but I just screwed myself out
of the boss trap room and temporary
Whore of Babylon
it hurts we've got three point eight
nine damage after getting like a big
turn of events for us here what an
enormous bummer but if you can't beat
mom honestly you got to take that up
with with you you're darn self because
this should not be a very difficult
situation to find ourselves in here
we're just trying to get things checked
off the to-do list
we're also it's kind of like you know I
said on even runs we can kind of
experience and appreciate items that
otherwise kind of fall by the wayside a
little bit I feel the same way about
about our new save file here items like
crack the sky showing up I'm like these
are three darn okay
not that I haven't been anti crack the
sky for quite some time there was a
period in my life where I wasn't the
biggest fan of it but that that train is
sailed and if you think that that's a
joke that train is sailed have you ever
seen me play Kerbal space program not
the best when it comes to methods of
transportation so I'm not going to go to
the shop because I want to save as much
money as possible I was actually hoping
we'd come across an arcade that had a
blood bank in it because the blood bank
obviously gives us the ability to get
some more money out of it sadly we're
just going to inch by inch row by row
got to make that garden grow seven point
nine eight damage is completely
absolutely acceptable we no longer have
to rely on you know little Gertie to get
the job done for us here and that was a
nice dodge from peep as well you know
via the next level
Issac savefile strats is you do a new
save file and then you delete it if you
ever get hit and see who can get the
most wins in a row I would give myself
about a 1 in 500 chance of making it
through the first run but I'd give
myself like a one in two chance of
making it through the first floor if
we're just trying to get Cain we
shouldn't I mean this is exactly where
we want to be maybe some more money
please stat get me wrong don't start
getting me right to do to do you the
face is ok to move on to Butchie persons
to in time to talk to you I'm looking
for loose bills large change a just
anything give me some
it's a spinal tap reference acoustic now
if you haven't seen smile to have turned
this video off and find a way to legally
obtain spinal tap which is actually
called this is spinal tap and watch it
one of the greatest films in American
cinema history a heck of a lot better
than the Thor I'm going to tell you that
much now the Thor is terrible I'm not
saying that we don't want that we're not
locking Maggie on this around anyway not
that Thor is terrible but spinal tap
exists in another world's got Harry
Shearer you may know him as Principal
Skinner from The Simpsons
it's got Michael McKean you may know him
as Nigel whatever from this is spinal
tap and Christopher Guest who you may
know from other films by Christopher
Guest
it also has Fran Drescher she plays a
record company executive and you watched
the movie and you go that can't be Fran
Drescher
she looks great but she looks exactly
the same as she does now how is that
even possible but it is Fran Drescher as
mind-boggling as it may seem trying to
think of who else is even in that movie
it's been always anyway the point is go
watch it
it burns memes before memes even existed
when they were just a twinkle in Richard
Dawkins eye this has been another
episode of NL recommends movies thanks
for watching we'll definitely take in
for me golden keys are not noise
pollution get absolutely dusted I kind
of want to teleport if I'm being honest
but I'll resist the notion you know was
weird was finishing these runs are
finishing the last run and not getting a
trophy at the end I was like in full on
daily expectation mode like you can't
finish your run without the trophy
showing up doesn't it's just not right
we are five cents shy please we're five
cents shy of being able to get cane
unlocks and then we'll do our next run
with cane which is like my dream come
true personally one of my favorite
characters in Isaac history I'll take it
but I got to admit I'm a little scared
about taking it reminds me of a little
ditty for Janis Joplin take it and take
another dangerous deal with the devil
baby won't break it break another pill
mouths is going nowhere you know you got
it
you get anything improves your DPS dude
dude come on though I need 534 cents at
this point and you're gonna sit here on
the day of my daughter's wedding tell me
you're not going to find a way to get
four cents extra
into this run I might as well go to our
shop it could be fighting greed that
would be perfect
we're overdue for a good parody we've
had I mean I hesitate to even mention it
because every time I mention it I get a
couple of people who seem genuinely not
very happy about it but you know sack of
sacks I still stand by a sack of sacks
to the tune of black and black you know
I'm not saying it's the greatest song
we've ever had but it makes the greatest
hits collection you know is it down
under or over killed no they might just
be you know upstairs in my house but
it's still making contraband the best of
men at work from 1996 one of the top
albums of 2017 we got 28 cents there we
go we hit it we all knocked cane like a
Ted Leo song and whether we could run
converter but what do we care instead
you know what there's actually an
achievement that was such a bad play but
there's an achievement for beating mom
with the Bible so we should actually
absolutely take this
as ridiculous as it might seem in this
is a good run for BFF as well and it's a
great run to have the strength card
unlike extremely pro everything that
just happened there we're still not
going to be able to do bas rush I think
but you know there's a lot of positive
stuff that just happen here not least of
which is BFF little Gertie not so little
anymore you know be careful who you call
ugly in middle school why not at this
point why not if they let us fight mom
and then move on from there we can snag
like a second deal with the devil and be
good to go
we can snag a deal with the devil and be
good to go it's negative second feelers
devil I mean we could just cheese it up
and go down to the womb here but it's
actually like surprisingly valuable to
kill mom with the with the Bible so I'm
going to say that this is a good
investment for us right now
it's a red chest in there you almost got
me you lucky so-and-so thank God I went
back for those two spiders they might
have been lonely Plus what is that like
a four square foot apartment they're the
size of that chest so in San Francisco
it would be 1.2 million dollars
oh the housing market has been
permanently poisoned by a lack of supply
and speculative real estate investing
but it's a living it's pretty wild like
I the obvious answer to this question is
move and I don't mean to make things too
real
but in Vancouver over like the last five
years housing prices have gone up from
like okay on average of course but
they've gone up from like an average
single-family detached home being like
850 thousand dollars to an average
single-family detached home being 1.2
million dollars or higher which
effectively means that people who have
owned a house have made like $80,000 a
year on their net worth just by owning
the house that's amazing
like sign me up for that job dude
so here's here's the duties of the
owning real estate you need to own real
estate you do need to pay the property
taxes there's no doubt about that
and you know if something breaks fix it
and you get to live you you work where
you live for this job which is good and
it pays eighty thousand dollars a year
where do I sign up for that gig well the
answer is being born in the 1970s or
earlier I don't know why I'm rushing we
don't need to fight boss rush here in
fact we're way better off not fighting
boss rush focusing on like one one
positive at a time we already unlocked
Caine we certainly are not going to
unlock Samson playing like this it's a
bit of a lazy play on my part so to
still be using my orbital to deal the
damage reroll me I'm ready for it re
rolling I knew they wouldn't have the
sack so what's that what else is on the
to-do list for this run donate as much
money to the donation machine as
possible so that we can get shops that
have more than scary we can get shops
that have more than two things in them I
think is a big positive continue to give
some money to our donation machine if I
mention the donation machine yet I think
we should give some money to the
donation machine
but in a way I'm kind of like the
benefactor of that like real estate
situation but like for YouTube you know
if you're like 30 which I borderline am
you were right around you know the
raywilliamjohnson era of being able to
make it big on YouTube just by virtue of
basically existing you know just say
this game just came out play it on
YouTube here's like you know 500
subscribers this is it's a great way to
get started right
nowadays like if you're born in like the
year 2004 and you're trying to make it
as a youtuber not impossible there's
definitely you know youtubers who have
started after me that have gotten much
bigger without a doubt there's no
donation machine you mess with me but
it's it's certainly harder you know so
you have my you have my sympathy and you
might say that's not fair and you would
basically be right but on the other hand
like you guys have a much greater chance
of if you're younger than me at least
making it to immortal life so it's hard
for me to be sympathetic because ya
might have gotten in on YouTube when the
competition was a little lower and same
for twitch but at the same time you
might live forever
so I we have holy mantle 404 is given us
holy mantle nice um so you honestly in
the end you're going to be laughing if
you end up living forever and I don't
I'll be cheesed off if there's such a
thing as ghosts oh dusted
oh we get to keep going now - yeah you
know what I will do this I'm going to be
real cheesed if I'm a ghost and I have
to haunt some people who are freaking
immortal that ghosts why are you mad I
was ripped from this mortal coil just
prior to the release of the technology
that allowed us to become immortal
honestly ghost that seems like a pretty
sweet reason to be mad so I can't even
be mad at you no stop being nice and
understanding I have to haunt you for
infinity years oh it was a cute little
ghost it was a cute angry little ghost
probably shouldn't you know all that's
so good
he has not done it
amnesia doesn't matter I tell you what
we should have picked up the polaroid
was there even a Polaroid don't do what
I'm doing here this is so stupid alright
ok so slow this guy out lucky Rocco's
appeared in the basement let's go I
don't remember how like 90% of things in
Isaac are unlocked so this is a whole
new world for me please give me some HP
that'll do it looking for anything that
gives me a single sphere at heart in
return and tears up maybe full health ok
can't complain too hard actually the
pills are probably more useful right now
and we got HP we got it there is a time
in Isaac where you could get uh you
could get an item from mom like before
you unlock the polaroid yes I had no
idea by the way I am this is coming from
not the character of Northern Line this
is coming from Ryan I apologize for
making like the worst Eve based
decisions on this run I'm playing a
laissez faire style of game and it's not
a smart decision on my part we have two
and a half HP and pretty not amazing
stats as Eden as a receive as a result
of my own idiocy so I recognize
I'm the one messing this up and I I'm
not happy about it yet I continue to be
the arbiter of my own demise so I'm my
Isaac self-confidence is not very high
right now but you know what to pull out
a win here would feel pretty solid
we should really just stack up bombs so
that we can always have a little bit of
resiliency for a pyromaniac to work and
stop for God's sakes unless you're in
that like powerful sort of situation
stop running into enemies to hit them
with your orbital that's like I'm
playing like this is my third Isaac run
ever none of these are going to mom's
heart I actually don't feel as bad about
the fact that the runs are a little bit
shorter as well because then I really
thought you had to do 10 that go to mom
first oh you know what it's after you
beat mom's watches after you beat mom's
heart ten times you get it lives
I forgot we've got like a genuine
plausible mom's heart situation how
strange how quaint lemonparty good pill
amnesia not so much to be honest with
you you know what like I think there are
better jobs out there than being a
youtuber you know what I think is
actually the greatest job on planet
earth is being Guy Fieri on diners
drive-ins and dives let me explain to
you why first off very popular show it's
not the kind of show I'm sure we like if
I ask you when is diners drive-ins and
dives on when are new episodes on you
would be I don't know I just turn on the
Food Network and they make 18 episodes a
day so there's always one I haven't seen
you you know going on and that's very
very true
can we get we don't have permanent
Polaroid miscibility so don't worry
about this just grab your HP and go
here's what Guy Fieri does they I know
they show them driving but let's be
honest he's flying to all these places
they go hey guy there's a good
restaurant in Charlotte North Carolina
we're going to fly you first-class to
Charlotte North Carolina you're going to
eat like
three bites of four delicious dishes and
all you have to do you don't have the
mantle of criticism being a critic is
totally fine you know giving your honest
opinion on things of course but all guys
the area has to do is go whole that's
why I'm a jamon you know he's always he
gets to be positive no matter what so he
never gets any backlash about it's not
like anybody's going to go to you know
Rick's Crab Shack on Guy Fieri's
recommendation and be like guy this
thing sucks you sellout you know what
you're getting into he gets paid I'm
sure like fifty thousand dollars in
episode or something like that and then
like you have fans there are people who
like really like Guy Fieri and he does
have like haters online for sure but at
the same time I don't think anybody
actually hates Guy Fieri they just sort
of like make fun of them in a way that's
not always good natured and I can relate
to that
I think being Guy Fieri is like a dream
job because the other chefs on like the
Food Network they got to cook things and
I don't I don't expect I don't
understand the Food Network that like
you can just get recipes online I
understand it like this food based game
shows chops used to watch a lot of chops
not my favorite anymore but I just got
over the gimmick I guess but being Guy
Fieri is actually like if I could be
reincarnated as like the next Guy Fieri
I think I'd be stoked
seems like a happy dude who does it like
the greatest job on earth there is a
Canadian version this is not a joke
there's a Canadian version of diners
drive-ins and dives
it copies the exact same formula except
the host is a not Super Saiyan and it's
called you gotta eat here so what he you
know probably gets trained around Canada
on via one that's quite first-class
airplane but you know this will give you
free wine from time to time and then he
goes this is the you know Ottawa gettin
those finest poutine arre and he goes oh
this whole it's just melt in your mouth
real cheese curds you know also a pretty
a job but I don't know how long you got
it you here has got left in it
it might go on forever it might not make
it there really is like the Canadian
trope of copying an American TV show and
then getting of giving it a different
name much like the American trope of
copying a British TV show and then
giving it a different name or the same
name in the case of Kitchen Nightmares
or big brother which I think was
actually originally Dutch but anyway
don't say that to Dan Keesling then
again Big Brother in Canada was called
Big Brother Canada so yeah I think being
like a Food Network taster is the ideal
job I don't even like I don't want to be
on chopped on chopped it's always like
you know we've made these uh food truck
chefs make you a meal with a roof
shingle and a bunch of carpenters glue
and then they eat it and go like moon
well dude I really like how you hit the
carpenters glue under the saffron
reduction Guy Fieri gets to eat meals
where like the restaurants next to a
butter factory and they're like oh yeah
we just get our butter from the butter
factory Neil Hall it's a dream job all
he does is eat good food and say that
it's good it's a dream come true and
even if he doesn't like you just needs
one bite and they're like okay on to the
next take you don't see you in Asheville
I do wonder though now that there's like
thirty four seasons of diners drive-ins
and dives
do you think they must have at this
point I've had restaurants they went to
and they're like not very good
it must have happened I refuse to
believe that they've exclusively knocked
it out of the park anyway you know let's
watch the ending again it's been a while
dude this looks like my drawings in the
past part oh well don't flatter yourself
oh we be mom's heart for the first time
y'all not eatin lucky us we don't need
to see the development staff I don't
care about who made the game let's be
honest lazy devs the youtubers are the
ones putting in the real work eh thanks
for watching you've enjoyed the episode
you did click the like button set a
great deal of course subscribe you wanna
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time be sure to let me know your
feedback on the new save and I'll be
speaking in this voice